ices-cc Build Script
===============================================================================

Introduction
------------
This shell script automates the process of downloading, building, and
installing ices-cc and all of its prerequisites.  If the build is successful,
it will generate a ready-to-use ices-cc featuring XML configuration support,
Vorbis support, and (optionally) LAME support for MP3 streaming.

More information about ices-cc is available at:
https://centova.com/en/icescc/

More information about ices (on which ices-cc is based) is available at:
http://www.icecast.org/ices.php


Prerequisites
-------------
Before running buildices.sh, you'll need to make sure that you have the
following software installed:

 - GNU C compiler (gcc)
 - GNU C++ compiler (g++)
 - GNU make (make)
 - GNU tar (tar)
- pkgconfig (pkg-config) 
- CURL or wget (curl/wget)

On Red Hat-based distributions, you can usually install these using:

 yum install gcc gcc-c++ make tar wget pkgconfig

On Debian-based distributions, you can install these using:

 apt-get install build-essential tar wget pkg-config


Installing ices-cc
------------------
To build ices-cc with the default options, run:

 su - root
 chmod +x ./buildices.sh
 ./buildices.sh --proceed

This will download all of the necessary source code, then build and install
ices under /usr/local/ices/.

If you want to include MP3 streaming support, use:

 su - root
 chmod +x ./buildices.sh
 ./buildices.sh --buildlame=1 --proceed

There are a number of commandline options available; you can obtain a list by
running ./buildices.sh with no parameters.


Advanced
--------
This script downloads the source packages for libxml2, libogg, libvorbis, 
libshout, and ices itself from the Centova Technologies web site, and
(optionally) the liblame source code from SourceForge.

Upon successfully downloading all packages, it unpacks them, then configures,
builds, and installs them under /usr/local/ices/.  This path can be overriden
via arguments to buildices.sh.

Note that because we use this script to install ices in what some might refer
to as "hostile" customer server environments (in which the existing shared
libraries are often broken, outdated, or otherwise unreliable), the script
makes no attempt to use any pre-existing shared libraries on the system.  All
of the above source packages are installed under /usr/local/ices/ and used by
ices regardless of whether pre-existing libxml, libogg, libvorbis, or liblame
libraries exist on the server.


Uninstallation
--------------
The buildices.sh script installs everything (including applications and
libraries) under the directory specified during installation.  If no directory
was specified, a default of /usr/local/ices/ is used.

To uninstall ices-cc after running buildices.sh, simply delete the directory
into which ices-cc was installed, for example:

 rm -rf /usr/local/ices/

This will completely remove ices-cc from your system.


Support
-------
This script comes without support or warranty of any kind.  We hope that you
will find it useful, but we are unable to offer any assistance if it does not
work on your particular server or environment.

For assistance in building ices from source, please consult the ices mailing
list.

===============================================================================
Copyright 2007-2018, Centova Technologies Inc.              https://centova.com

